c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\NerdDinner2.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\NerdDinner2.pdb
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.dll
c:\users\douglasc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.pdb
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\NerdDinner2.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\NerdDinner2.pdb
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.dll
C:\Users\douglasc\NerdDinner\NerdDinner2\NerdDinner2\obj\Debug\NerdDinner2.pdb
